#2145: add tip on ide ln to Symlinks documentation (#2151)
devonfw/IDEasy: documentation/symlink.adoc

|
|===

> IDEasy provides a tool to create symlinks using the `ide ln` command. As example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Creating links easy

IDEasy allows to create symbolic or had links using the `ide ln` command.
For example the following command will create a symbolic relative link `target-link-folder` pointing to `src-folder`:
```

`ide ln -sr src-folder target-link-folder`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This behaves very much like the same command without prefixed by `ide`.
Unfortunately on Windows in Git-Bash the `ln` command is falling back to `cp` command so not really doing what you expect.
However, prefixed with `ide` it will work regardless of your platform.
```
